I went to the park today
today i had lunch with my friend brandon at berkeley imm thai pretty good food really spicy tho
 Yeah, so today I went to a mission peak. It was a great hike, but then I got tired and my friend like her is a wrist He also has no bitches fuck
 Let's see some shit. Oh, I've got no bitches. How can you help me now? Like, today he was trying to talk to so many girls, but then he chickened out because he couldn't actually go up.
 Okay, today I went to hike, a mission peak in Fremont. It was pretty good. I went with Brian, but then he was such a fat ass. We couldn't go all the way up and we had to go back down in like 10 minutes.
 So today I went on Mission Peak hike where you can just go up Brian but he's really sat and we couldn't even go to the top and he kept the huffing and puffing and we had to go down. You want to be a leaf so you can light your...
today i had lunch with my friend brandon at berkeley imm thai pretty good food really spicy tho
Yeah, like, so today I went shopping and then I brought you like a hoodie with it's pretty big So then like the worker gave it for like half off because she was nice
Went to that little Italian place, 'La Trattoria', with Alex last Tuesday. We shared a bottle of Chianti and I laughed so hard I almost snorted wine.
Remember that hike up to Eagle Peak with Sam and Chloe? It rained the whole way, but the view from the top was totally worth the soggy boots.
Spent all of Sunday binge-watching that new sci-fi show with Maria. We ordered a giant pizza and didn't move from the couch for nearly eight hours straight.
That concert in the park with David was magical. They played all the classic rock hits and we danced barefoot on the grass under the string lights.
I took my niece to the aquarium for her birthday. Her face when she saw the giant manta ray was absolutely priceless; she just stared in total awe.
Last month's game night with the old college crew was hilarious. Ben's terrible attempt at charades for 'The Matrix' had us all in tears from laughing so much.
My solo trip to the coast was so peaceful. I sat on the beach for hours just listening to the waves and reading a good book. Found a perfect sand dollar.
I tried that new spicy Thai curry with Jessica. It was so hot my ears were ringing, but it was also the most delicious thing I've eaten all year.
Building that bookshelf with my dad was a disaster. We put one of the main shelves in backwards and had to take the entire thing apart again.
Remember the time we all went bowling and Sarah accidentally threw the ball into the wrong lane? The look on the other group's faces was unforgettable.
My weekly coffee date with grandma is always a highlight. This time she told me stories about her childhood that I had never heard before, which felt special.
That spontaneous road trip to the mountains with Leo was amazing. We just drove with no destination, found a tiny diner, and had the best apple pie.
I finally finished that 1000-piece puzzle I was working on for weeks. The final piece clicking into place was one of the most satisfying feelings ever.
Went for a long bike ride with Mark along the river trail. We saw a family of deer just a few feet away, and they didn't even seem scared.
Hosted a barbecue with all my neighbors last weekend. It was great to finally connect with everyone, and Tom's potato salad was an absolute game-changer.
My first attempt at making sourdough bread with my partner was a success! The crust was perfectly crispy and the inside was so fluffy. We ate the whole loaf.
Visited the modern art museum with Emily. We spent twenty minutes just staring at a blank white canvas, trying to figure out what it was supposed to mean.
That time we tried to have a picnic but a flock of seagulls stole our sandwiches. We were annoyed at first but then we couldn't stop laughing about it.
I went stargazing with my brother, far away from the city lights. We saw the Milky Way so clearly and even spotted a couple of shooting stars.
Learning to play that simple song on the guitar felt like a huge accomplishment. I kept messing up the chords but finally played it all the way through.
It's bullshit, but like, record. Like, hello, hello. Like, today I had like a banana and like, it was good. Bye.
